Hello, 

I was able to setup and verify the configuration as asked.
Please find below a summary describing the full list of deliverables and the actions performed to achieve them.

1)Add an NTP server to the HCI Cloud Platform.
    The cluster information for the NTP server is "pool.ntp.org", as suggested by the System Admin.

2)Add a Name Server to the HCI Cloud Platform.
    The cluster information for the domain name server uses "8.8.8.8", as suggested by the System Admin.

3)Configure a managed virtual network using IPAM/DHCP in the HCI Cloud Platform.
    The managed network (Production Network) was created for production environment with the IP Pool and Subnet mask, as suggested by the Network Operations group.

4)Configure an unmanaged virtual network in the HCI Cloud Platform.
    The unmanaged network (Development Network) was created for the development environment with the Subnet mask, as suggested by the Network Operations group.

5)Add a storage container to the HCI Cloud Platform and upload Windows and Linux (CentOS) virtual disk images to the new container.
    A storage container named "Images" was created for storing the disk images. 
    Deployed Windows and Linux virtual machines in the "Images" storage container in HCI Cloud Platform.

6)Deploy Windows and Linux virtual machines in the HCI Cloud Platform.
    All 3 servers were created for production with designated naming convention in the managed production network

7)Create virtual machine clones and change configurations in the HCI Cloud Platform.
    All 3 servers were cloned for developed with designated naming convention in the unmanaged developed network

8)Create data protection configurations to automate virtual machine snapshots.
    "Production" protection configuration was made with scheduled backup of 1 hours for the RPO requirement.

9)Perform additional tests for VM workload expansion and the ability to dynamically add resources to online virtual machines 
    Development VMs were created using cloning which verifies the VM workload expansion.
    Added 1 vCPU and 2GB memory to the database server in production and development dynamically, which was successful

10)Perform virtual machine restoration using the data protection snapshots.
    Final verification of the removal of a key VM and performing a full restoration was performed on the application server in production (app-prod).

Yours respectfully
Athul
